all right this is just the short video
clip on them how to change a headlight
bulb on an e 65 series BMW first of all
this is probably likely to be in your
car so if you don't fancy removing there
like this is just basically a video to
show how it's actually held in there is
another video clip if you'd like to
remove the headlight to do it but you
can do it in situation first thing to
remember this plastic part here don't
take it off leave it exactly where it is
well that's got the cables going to it
on a normal car you just pull that
towards you to come off on this it one
it's actually removable tall so what you
need to do is grab hold of the hole with
plastic thing with a finger and thumb
and rotate it an eighth of a turn only
clockwise and it will just release the
bulb pull it towards you and you'll see
the bulb was actually held in the holder
I'll show you it face on as well because
you're probably going to reassemble it
like this it's actually offset slightly
so I make a note of where the bulb fits
where before you remove it because it is
actually direction when it goes one way
once you've got it out as far as this if
you just get two small screwdrivers hook
it under that little piece of metal
there because there's a little clip and
also flip it over the other side and
there's another clip on the other side
if you put a screwdriver into both of
those and then this black plastic part
if you hold the metal part at one hand
the black plastic part with another hand
and then you can pull it off just like
you would on a normal headlight bulb
bear in mind it's got go the right way
round that's actually showing it the
correct way around there because you can
see the little tabs are offset slightly
towards me towards my body so anyway
once you put the bulb back into its
holder and its own board it as far as
that it's a simple matter of pushing it
into the headlamp unit push it in flush
line it up and then turn it 1/8 of a
tonne that's it actually it is not
because I've missed it down the bottom
that is it
as you can see it just you don't need to
undo those two screws what you think you
might do it literally just clip back
underneath on either side and that's how
you change the headlamp bulb on an e 65
series I have a video as well if you'd
like to remove the headlamp just look
for in my videos and you'll find that
one thank you